AequusRemake Mod?

I hate jade so freaking much. It's a hate with almost no cause, no reason, no logic I just hate her. I hate her when she goes "oh tomat don't do that because bla bla bla" and she never told why! Like if you're going to stop me then told me why!

I've spent 15 minutes thrice a day thinking about how jade should get wrecked by smugb. I have spent more time thinking about jade getting suplexed into the lake by smugb than anything! And while all of that happens I'll dance on the chores happily like my soul has been freed from absolute torment. All jade ever accomplished is being a punching bag for smugb while other do something!

And before any of you try to defend her, just think. commiemommy17 is old and what are old people? Wise. And what does commiemommy17 say? The fault lies within jade! And that is true no cap no hat no tophat or any head wear! The fault lies within her!

And she literally insulted the great lord above all discord server, SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS) she says that he is repetitive in his restaurant preference. And you know what? If SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS) ask where should he eat, she won't tell him! She'll just go "oh did you know that eating same thing again and again will hurt your colon?" And never told the actual way out!

Everyday I wake up, think of that part where jade almost killed nakamura and think that she shouldn't miss. So that when nakamura got badly injured, outis would beat the living shit out of her with field clock! When the game let me told jade to throw harpoons at statchel's heart, I aimed at jade for an hour! I want that racist sailor to throw harpoons to herself and got replaced by commiemommy17. At least commiemommy17 knows how to speak like an actual human being!
And lastly. jade is the most costly sinner, why you might be wondering. First of all her hair is big as fuck, not only if is a big ass sign saying "the racist one is here!" It also used a lot of hair conditioner! And second, she has so many ID. But before you say "oh but but but aeterna got a lot of ID too" look at his ID! aeterna got -angry aeterna in new outfit -maxican aeterna (looted equipment from Aida) -pointy sword aeterna (moderate cost, but still low in comparison) -tank top aeterna with papers -sword aeterna -trash sword aeterna -another sword aeterna

You noticed how cheap they are? Most of these things can be found from a trash bin, and now look at jade's -wet suit jade (expansive wetsuit, expansive harpoons) -hot fish jade (probably eat 6 meals per day) -fat ass jade (probably eat 12 meals per day) -Angry zappy jade (kill Gregor on sight, complain about headaches all day, inappropriate moan) -Bleed jade (half dead even before fight, smell awfull) -gun jade (Trelanium, inflicted weaknesses when she is slow ass)

As you can see, jade isn't worthy as a sinner. She is bitchy, high maintenance, block eyesight, killed SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS), argue with British sinner, killed SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS), is againt beach volleyball. Insult dondon on multiple occasions, killed SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS), gaslit commiemommy17, prevent farmwatch Otis on happening, killed SCOTUS(rip SCOTUS), her room is full of water and she killed SCOTUS (rip SCOTUS)

I do hope this presentation opens yours eyes about the truth of jade.